See, that wasn't so hard - now enjoy your break. Eat a Banana, do Pushups, get into a Facebook argument with some 80 year old about the importance of being punctual, you do you.
Why not go for a quick jogging session in your break? You know what, I’mma join you. Don’t wait up!
A great way to take a break would be to have a meaningful conversation with someone. You heard it here first, go call your mom!
Time for a fast break... WAIT! I just got why its called breakfast.
Awesome, break time. I need a byte to eat.
Your inferior human mind needs a break? Pathetic.
I usually like looking at some quality memes to catch a breath from my work.
It’s important to leave the area you’re working in when taking a break. That’s right, get off your ass.
Taking a short stroll around the block can be a great way to refuel your brain muscles.
Make sure to stay hydrated!
Stretching can be a great way to get ready for action again.
Do something completely different for the duration of the break!
Here's an idea: Enjoy your break by looking at some kittens or puppies! (kittens >>> and that’s an objective opinion, I’m code after all, no bias here!)
This break has the ideal duration to check up on current events!
If you dont know what to do for your break, do some Origami! Right now, get a paper and a YouTube guide.
Listening to your favourite playlist can be great to get your mind focused on something else for a bit.
It is a good idea to leave your place of work during your break.
If you don't know what to do during the break, Doodle something! Or draw, if you can.
Got a pet? Giving them some attention for a couple minutes can be great for you and them.
I find that cleaning my room a bit can be a great way to stay productive while doing something else for a bit.
How about making yourself a coffee or a tea during the break?
Got time for some Mindfulness? Put your head down and take a couple deep breaths during the break.
Can't work without calories! Its snack time.
Talking to someone during your break will be a great way to revitalize your brain.
Wash your face. This will get you to think again. I suggested it purely for that reason, no alterior motives here. (some deo wouldn’t hurt while you’re at it)
You’ve earned this sweet pause! Let the adventures of ‘breakland’ begin. How about a quick stretch to celebrate your hard work?
Tom’s on a timeout and so are you! You’ve done splendidly. Now, how about a little dance break to shake off the seriousness?
Relish your break with a quick stroll outside!
You’ve sowed seeds of diligence, now bask in the sunshine of a well-deserved break. Fancy a cup of your favorite brew?
Cheers to your dedication! Let’s toast with a refreshing glass of water. Hydration is the key to productivity!
You’ve danced to the rhythm of productivity, now twirl into the realms of relaxation. A quick read perhaps?
Your mind has been a diligent bee, now let it flutter like a butterfly. How about some music to change the vibes?
You've planted trees of efforts, now enjoy the shade. Maybe a quick chat with a friend to share your small victories?
You've been a maestro of focus, now let’s hit a high note with a break. A quick laugh with a funny video?
You've been stirring the pot of productivity, now let the brew simmer with a delightful break. A quick snack to refuel?