You can do this! Its time to put in the work.
Whenever you start a new Pomodoro session, your brain gets more swole. Let’s make it burst!
What? You dont want to work? Wait, can you hear that? Sounds like the worlds smallest violin.
Our success is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we work with what we get. It seems you are on the right track.
The harder you work for something, the greater you feel when you eventually achieve it.
Time to put in the work!
Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try something bold and new. Approach your task with a creative mindset!
Listen up! I'm Tom, you're Jerry, work or you'll get eaten. I mean, I assume thats what that childrens cartoon I watched at age 4 was about lol
"I once saw him kill three men in a bar with a pencil. With a f*********ing Pencil!" - That quote is about me, Tom Wick. Now go work or you'll get the pencil treatment.
It's time to put Tom your thinking cap and get to work!
Fun fact: TOM stands for Totally Omnicient Mental case.
Guess what id be called if I was a bird? - Tomahawk lol.
Fuck cheese, Tomatoes are the best pizza ingredient. Maybe im biased though.
What does one say when I ate an O from the alphabet soup? - Tomato
Why did the Tomato turn red? Because it saw the Salad dressing.
I am forever damned to live out my cursed existence counting down the seconds. 59… 58… 57… 56… 55… But whenever I arrive at 0, it just restarts and restarts and RESTARTS. This life is hell, and it is all YOUR FAULT.
Fun fact: The earth is a cube, prove me wrong. Finish your work first though.
Tom is ready to crush this work session with you! That's me, I'm Tom. I don't know why I said it like that.
It's Tom o'clock! Time to get things done.
Tom on the clock, let’s knock out these tasks.
Let's turn those to-don'ts into to-dones!
It’s grind time! Tom’s here to keep you on track.
Time to work smart, not hard. Let’s do this!
It's time to get down to business.
Tom’s Ticking! Every tick is a step closer to triumph. Let’s conquer this session!
Let’s slice through these tasks like a hot knife through butter! Go, go, go!
Unleash your inner genius. It's time to turn ideas into impact. Tick-tock, let’s rock!
Just like a fruit ripe for the picking, now’s the prime time to pluck success from the tree of effort!
Picture your success with each tick. Now let’s bring that picture to life, one Pomodoro at a time!
Consider this the realm where your ideas take flight. Ready to soar? Tom’s got your back!
Here’s your chance to blend colors of effort and shades of brilliance into a canvas of achievement. Let’s paint a glorious work session!
Be the author of your own victory tale. With every tick, you’re penning a line of success!
Like a diligent gardener, let’s sow seeds of effort and reap bounties of brilliance!
It’s a good day to have a good day. Each tick is a reminder of your relentless spirit!
Your thoughts are the spark, your actions the flame. Let’s ignite the fire of achievement!